cni-2 updates (#116)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/concepts/cni.md

[^0]: For the available values, consult your provider documentation.

> ## Notes
> mke4 uses a static port range for k8s nodeports [32768-35535]. 
> upgrade from mke3 to mke4 is only supported for clusters using the default k8s proxier (iptables)
> only kdd backed mke3 clusters are supported for upgrading to mke4
> once mke3 is successfully upgraded to mke4, it displays a list of ports that are no longer required to be opened on manager and/or worker nodes and could be blocked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< callout type="note" >}}
- MKE 4 uses a static port range for Kubernetes NodePorts, from  `32768` to `35535`. 
- Only clusters that use the the default Kubernetes proxier `iptables` can be upgraded from MKE 3 to MKE 4.
- Only KDD-backed MKE 3 clusters can be upgraded to MKE 4.
- Following a successful MKE 3 to MKE 4 upgrade, a list displays that presents the ports that no longer need to be opened on manager or worker nodes. These ports can be blocked.
{{< /callout >}}
```
